Minor Change to Statement on Quay.io Vulnerabilities (#818)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md

Occasionally, Astronomer might deviate from the defined response policy and backport a bug or security fix to releases other than the latest stable and LTS versions. To request a fix for a specific bug, contact your customer success manager.

### Security Scan Results on Quay

> Astronomer is aware of the **Security Scan** results that are provided by [Project Quay](https://www.projectquay.io/) for each Astro Runtime image and are publicly available on [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags).

Reviewer: Hi, @paolaperaza. 

You indicated _The report on Quay.io isn't properly called `Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures` -- technically on Quay, it's just called **Security Scan**, so I proposed to change the title of this section to match what a user would see. _  Are we referencing the same report? The report I was referencing contained a pie chart and a list of vulnerabilities (if I recall). CVE, is short for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures, and it's is a list of publicly disclosed computer security flaws. I can't seem to locate the conversation where the image of the report was provided...

Author: @kwcanuck Per our live conversation after this, we agreed to call this "section" in Quay the `Security Scan Report` given that's what it's called in their UI:

<img width="1369" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/174416501-e895c831-8ad2-4780-8302-264f90a5d22c.png">

We can refer to individual vulnerabilities as CVEs -- as you point out, that is the technically accurate language

Occasionally, Astronomer might deviate from the defined response policy and backport a bug or security fix to releases other than the latest stable and LTS versions. To request a fix for a specific bug, contact your customer success manager.

> ### Security scan results on Quay

Author: ```suggestion
### Security scan results on Quay.io
```

Within the maintenance window of each Astro Runtime version, the following is true:

> - A set of Docker images corresponding to that version are available for download on [Quay](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags) and PyPi.

Author: ```suggestion
- A set of Docker images corresponding to that version are available for download on [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags) and PyPi.
```

> - A set of Docker images corresponding to that version are available for download on [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags) and PyPi.

Author: ```suggestion
- A set of Docker images corresponding to that version are available for download on [Quay](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags) and PyPi.
```

Within the maintenance window of each Astro Runtime version, the following is true:

- A set of Docker images corresponding to that version are available for download on [Quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/astro-runtime?tab=tags) and PyPi.
- Astronomer will regularly publish bug or security fixes identified as high priority.
- Astronomer will offer support for paying customers running a supported version of Runtime via [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).
- A user can create a new Deployment with the Cloud UI, API, or Astro CLI with any supported `major.minor` version pair of Runtime. For new Deployments, the Cloud UI assumes the latest patch.

When the maintenance window for a given version of Runtime ends, the following is true:

> - Astronomer is not obligated to answer questions regarding a Deployment that is running that version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Astronomer is not obligated to answer questions regarding a Deployment that is running an unsupported version.
```

- New Deployments cannot be created on Astro with that version of Runtime. Versions that are no longer maintained will not render as an option in the Deployment creation process from the Cloud UI, API, or Astro CLI.
- The Deployment view of the Cloud UI will show a warning that encourages the user to upgrade if the Deployment is running that version.
- The latest version of the Astro CLI will show a warning if a user pushes a Docker image to Astronomer that corresponds to that version.

> To ensure reliability, service will not be interrupted for Deployments running a version of Astro Runtime that is no longer in maintenance. Unsupported versions will also continue to be available for local development and testing via the Astro CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer will not interrupt service for Deployments running Astro Runtime versions that are no longer in maintenance. Unsupported Astro Runtime versions are available for local development and testing with the Astro CLI.
```
